as you can see the stars are gathering
for the night of nights here in Beverly
Hills California
this is the entrance to the
international ballroom at the Beverly
Hilton Hotel were in less than a minute
the superstars of motion pictures and
television will begin the Hollywood
party of the year the 48th Annual Golden
Globe Awards 25 major awards will be
presented and received by over 100 of
Hollywood's biggest stars including a
special tribute to the brilliant Jack
Lemmon
during the next two and a half hours the
Hollywood Foreign Press Association will
honor the very best motion pictures and
television shows and the top actors and
actresses of the year the International
ballroom is full the stage is set and
the stars are ready to see the envelopes
opened tonight
from the international ballroom of the
Beverly Hilton Hotel in Beverly Hills
California
it's the 48th Annual Golden Globe Awards
hosted by Dana Delany
and starring Beatrice Arthur
Annette Bening Nina Blackwood Carol
Burnett Kirk Cameron Macaulay Culkin
John who say they Dunaway Morgan Freeman
Estelle Getty Harry Hamlin triggering
high James Earl Jones Howard keel Joanna
Kerns Gerald lag Christie Lonnie Shirley
MacLaine vulgar my file move upon ahem
Alyssa Milano Ken Olin Linda Perot
Anthony Quinn Mickey Rooney Bob Saget
Maximilian Schell simple shepherd
Nicollette Sheridan Ron silver Oliver
Stone Robert Urich Prince Awards Betty
White and Esther Williams